hi everyone I'm Tina and today I'm going
to show you how to blow dry and then
curl your hair to get Kim K's big fluffy
curls when your hair is halfway dry
apply a leave-in conditioner and then
brush out your hair now we can start
applying products that will help with
maintain the style so first use a root
lifting product all over the roots I'm
using my favorite here and is the sexy
hair root pumper and if you have hard to
curl hair like me then you're going to
need to use something else
on the end today I'm going to use the t3
micros or the Whitlock's - I blow-dryer
this blow dryer is the winner of two
2013 allure best and beauty awards for
best blow dryer and for the much coveted
Duty breakthrough award the break third
part of the featherweight luxe 2i is how
fast this drives the hair while reducing
frizz increasing body and shine all
without damaging your hair this
blow-dryer has two speeds and three heat
settings so I'm going to use the highest
setting on it and put my hair upside
down to dry my hair make sure you're
directing the air to the scalp first
since our ends dry faster than our roots
you guys just saw help damp my hair was
when I put my head down right I kid you
not when I tell you it took less than
five minutes to dry my thick hair it's
because this dryer uses a t3 Carmelite
infusion process with ion generator and
ceramic and fret energy heating system I
mean this thing has everything in it
okay so what the heck does I mean it
means that it's blowing out negative
ions that breaks down water a lot faster
than your average blow-dryer and since
its using the ion generator the ions
release are even more concentrated and
potent as if that wasn't good enough t3
lux to incorporate C so I make each
system to dry your hair evenly from
within while smoothing down the cuticles
to increase the shine on your hair so
this blow-dryer basically is the bomb
now when your hair is about 82
percent dry use the coup shot button on
your blow dryer to cool down your hair
before flipping your hair back for the
hairline I like to use a big boar
bristle brush like this to make the hair
smooth and if you don't know how to use
the round brush you use your thumb and
your index finger to turn the brush
while using the rest of your fingers to
hold on to the handle like this okay now
grab your bangs and pull the hair
forward and then place the round brush
under the hair and turn it once or twice
to make the brush flip the hair then
placing the blow-dryer above your hair
direct the airflow towards the ends of
your hair before pulling the brush down
repeat this process until the hair is
completely dry you're going to split the
hair to make your part and the hold
apart in place until the hair is cool
it's important that you make this part
while your hair is still warm or you're
going to deal with hair constantly
falling in your face throughout the day
next we're going to make pin curls with
all the hair on the crown using the
toward a half inch anteye-gravity
tourmaline ceramic round brush that came
with the blow-dryer
taking small sections wrap the hair
around the brush and pull the hair
towards a face to create volume once the
hair is be dry wrap the section around
three to four fingers before pinning it
up since we're going to use a curling
iron off of this you don't have to do
this perfectly along with this
blow-dryer t3 send me their showerhead
filter to be tried out and after using
it for just one week I can tell you that
my legs no longer itch from winter
dryness it has made my skin smoother
softer and look more hydrated than just
using it for just one week even my
husband who's not into skin care or the
condition of his hair said that he wants
to purchase the filter when we need to
in six months and you told me to tell
you guys that it's very easy to install
yourself in case you guys didn't know
this every time you take a hot shower
the heat opens the cuticles on your hair
and the pores on your skin allowing good
products like deep conditioners or bad
things like chlorine to enter your skin
and hair I'm sure you've all you see
suing poo before remember that icky
feeling how your hair gets all dry and
your skin feels like it's been coated
with some funky stuff
it's the chlorine in the water that's
making it feel like that so this
filtering system will remove 95% of the
quarry in your water and if you're
living in a popular metropolitan areas
like California New York City
Philadelphia Atlanta and so on I'll
remove that funky sulfur smell as well
did you gave me a coat for you guys so
click on the link below to buy the
shower head filter and then enter this
code when you check out to get a free
replacement filter once your hair is
completely dry use a heat protectant I'm
using my favorite spray from alterna
next we're going to section and prep the
hair for curling first if you have hard
to curl hair use a setting lotion like
this wreck in half to 22 all over the
hair you need to make sure it has dried
completely before applying heat or
you'll end up with long lasting crunchy
hair now using a two inch
iron core your hair away from the face
you can use a curling wand instead but
make sure you're not twisting the hair
as you're wrapping it around the barrel
we're not making beachy curls here but
smooth big Shirley Temple curls after
heating the Strand scoop off the curl to
pin it up in a pin curl I'm sure you
guys have seen me curl my hair cause
iliyan times already so I'm going to
fast for most of this but basically
we're going to curl everything away from
the face and pin it up even the hair on
our crown the way I'm showing you how to
do this today is very product oriented
because to get amazing hair the last
four days takes the products used
correctly and if you follow all the
steps I've shown you today your hair
will remain fluffy and full body for
three days as if you're gonna decide
you
here is a tip for you always flip your
head upside down to apply your oil a lot
of people think that I have thick hair
all over but actually I don't have a lot
of hair on my crown so I'm going to use
the feet Elise by Vito because it's a
lightweight oil that doesn't weigh down
my hair now at this point we are done
you can use a hairspray but since we use
the setting lotion before curling the
hair it's unnecessary and not using the
hairspray here will make the blowout
last a lot longer and that's it I'll put
all the products used today down below
or on my website thanks for watching
everyone please be sure to thumbs up
this video to support this channel and
subscribe if you haven't already because
I show you how to do cute and amazing
things to your hair I love you guys you
next Thursday